This text file contains error messages for MS-DOS Extender and for CVTOMF. 
Part 1 lists the MS-DOS Extender errors. Part 2 lists CVTOMF errors.

PART 1:

     Microsoft MS-DOS Extender Run-Time Errors


     The MASM assembler, ML.EXE, is a 32-bit MS-DOS-extended program. An
     MS-DOS extender error can occur when you run ML. Extender errors have
     the following format:

          DOSXNT : fatal error DX1nnn: message


     DX1020: unhandled exception: exception;
     contact Microsoft Support Services

     A problem exists in ML.EXE. Additional information is displayed after
     this error message. Note the circumstances of the error and notify
     Microsoft Corporation by following the instructions in the "Microsoft
     Support Services" section in one of your manuals.


     DX1140: DOSXNT.386 driver required to run with Windows

     For ML.EXE to run with the Microsoft Windows operating system, the
     driver called DOSXNT.386 must be specified in the [386Enh] section of
     SYSTEM.INI as follows:

          DEVICE=<path>\DOSXNT.386

     where <path> is the directory that contains the DOSXNT.386 file.


     DX1180: cannot load program : <reason>

     The MS-DOS extender could not load ML.EXE for the given reason. The
     message describing the reason can be one of the following:

          - access denied to file
               Change the access rights for the file.

          - invalid or corrupted .EXE file
               Contact Microsoft Support Services.

          - out of memory
               Remove some TSRs or add more memory.

          - too many open files
               Either close some files or increase the number of file
               handles specified in the FILES= statement in CONFIG.SYS.



PART 2:

     CVTOMF Errors

     Cannot open "filename" for writing

          "Filename" is probably read only, or has been opened by 
          another process.


     Too many COFF sections

          The converter can handle a fixed number of SEGDEF/COMDAT records. 
          The combined total cannot exceed 256.


     Bad COFF relocation type

          A fixup record is not recognized.


     Cannot specify output file for more than one input

          The -o switch was specified more than once.


     No input file specified

          Must specify name of object to convert on command line.


     Cannot open "filename"

          "Filename" probably does not exist.


     Too many externals

          Object file cannot contain more than 4096 external symbols.


     Too many relocation entries

          Object file cannot contain more than 1024 relocations.


     Bad relocatable reference

          Fixup is to something other than an LEDATA or LIDATA record.


     Bad relocation type

          Cannot convert this relocation type.


     Segment reference in fixup record

          Cannot convert a segment-referenced fixup.


     Too many groups

          Object cannot contain more than 256 groups.


     Bad data record; too large

          LEDATA record cannot be larger than 4096 bytes.


     linnum: Out of space

          Could not allocate enough memory for linenumbers.


     Too many names in LNAMES record

          Cannot have more than 2046 LNAMES records.


     Too many SEGDEF/COMDAT records

          The converter can handle a fixed number of SEGDEF/COMDAT records. 
          The combined total cannot exceed 256.


     COMDAT uses iterated data

          Cannot convert a COMDAT record that references an LIDATA record.


     Bad read of object file

          Converter has read an OMF record incorrectly. Converter probably 
          does not support this record.


     Bad seek on object file

          Converter has read an OMF record incorrectly.


     Ilegal LocTyp in NBKPAT record

          LocTyp > 2. Converter can write patches no larger than 4 bytes.


     Ilegal LocTyp in BAKPAT record

          LocTyp > 2. Converter can write patches no larger than 4 bytes.


     Cannot expand iterated data

          Converter cannot expand the iterated data. Data is either too 
          large or too complex.



